Configuration for function parameter inlay hints where the name matches (#1340)
DetachHead/basedpyright: docs/configuration/language-server-settings.md

![](inlayHints.callArgumentNames.png)

> **basedpyright.analysis.inlayHints.callArgumentNamesMatching** [boolean]: Whether to show inlay hints on function arguments when the input matches the argument name. Defaults to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**basedpyright.analysis.inlayHints.callArgumentNamesMatching** [boolean]: Whether to show inlay hints on function arguments when the input expression is a variable with the same name as the parameter. Defaults to `false`.
```
